whoa look at that look at that
scorpion right there
there are over 1,700 types of
scorpion but the ones that can
kill people live in the desert
I have experience with species
like this and know how to avoid
getting stung by careful
handling wow that is a venomous
predator so well adapted to live
in this area of the world we're
not very many other animals can
live these guys come out at
night and if i was to
accidentally step on this guy
I'm have to get stung worldwide
around 5,000 people die every
year from scorpion stings the
neurotoxins they unleash can be
ten times more powerful than
cyanide but i'm getting it out
of here far away away from where
I'm sleeping but where there's
one there might be others so I'm
taking no chances of ever nomads
they make this it's called the
tran tran is an anti scorpion
agent made to an ancient berber
recipe
a mix of desert woods is
superheated inside a closed
container the resultant blend of
SAP's and resins coalescence
into a black viscous liquid with
a pungent smell this is a
traditional technique whose
origins are lost but which has
been passed down through many
generations
it's very smelly it's almost
like at our but you put a little
bit of this around where you
sleep and scorpions will not
cross this smelly stuff
this will solve my scorpion
issue